1.The HR department needs a report of all employees. Write a query to display the last name, department number, and department name for all the employees.

2. The HR department needs a report of employees in Toronto. Display the last name, job, department number, and the department name for all employees who work in Toronto.


3. Create a report to display employees’ last name and employee number along with their manager’s last name and manager number. Label the columns Employee, Emp#, Manager, and Mgr#, respectively. 

4. WAQ to display all employees including King, who has no manager. Order the results by the employee number. 

5. Create a report for the HR department that displays employee last names, department numbers, and all the employees who work in the same department as a given employee. Give each column an appropriate label. 

6. The HR department needs a report on job grades and salaries. To familiarize yourself with the JOB_GRADES table, first show the structure of the JOB_GRADES table. Then create a query that displays the name, job, department name, salary, and grade for all employees.

7. WAQ to determine the names of all the employees who were hired after Davies. Create a query to display the name and hire date of any employee hired after employee Davies.

8. Write a query to display the last name and hire date of  any employee in the same department as Zlotkey. Exclude Zlotkey.

9. Create a query to display the employee numbers and last names of all employees who earn more than the average salary. Sort the results in ascending order of salary.

10. Write a query that displays the employee numbers and last names of all employees who work in a department with any employee whose last name contains a 'u'. 

11. Display the last name, department number, and job ID of all employees whose	department location ID is 1700.

12. Display the last name and salary of every employee who reports to King.
        
13. Display the department number, last name, and job ID for every employee in the Executive department.
        
14. WAQ  to display the employee numbers, last names, and salaries of all employees who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with a u in their name. 
